Success is a lousy teacher. It seduces smart people into thinking they can’t lose.
We all need people who will give us feedback. That’s how we improve.
Patience is a key element of success.
The belief that the world is getting worse, that we can’t solve extreme poverty and disease, isn’t just mistaken. It’s harmful.
Everyone needs a coach. It doesn't matter whether you're a basketball player, a tennis player, a gymnast, or a bridge player.
Don't compare yourself with anyone in this world, if you do so, you are insulting yourself.
Your most unhappy customers are your greatest source of learning.
I can understand wanting to have millions of dollars, there’s a certain freedom, meaningful freedom, that comes with that. But once you get much beyond that, I have to tell you, it’s the same hamburger.
Television is not real life. In real life, people actually have to leave the coffee shop and go to jobs.
It’s fine to celebrate success, but it is more important to heed the lessons of failure.
Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower.
Your time is limited, so don’t waste it living someone else’s life.
Don’t let the noise of others’ opinions drown out your own inner voice.
You can’t connect the dots looking forward; you can only connect them looking backwards. So you have to trust that the dots will somehow connect in your future.
Be a yardstick of quality. Some people aren’t used to an environment where excellence is expected.
Stay hungry. Stay foolish.
I'm convinced that about half of what separates the successful entrepreneurs from the nonsuccessful ones is pure perseverance.
You can't just ask customers what they want and then try to give that to them. By the time you get it built, they'll want something new.
People think focus means saying yes to the thing you've got to focus on. It means saying no to the hundred other good ideas that there are. You have to pick carefully.
We’re here to put a dent in the universe. Otherwise why else even be here?
Why should you avoid the duck psychologist? He's a quack.
What do cows do in their spare time? Go to the moooovies.
Why do birds hate Instagram? They prefer to tweet.
Where do fish keep all their money? The river bank.
Why did the sheep get detention? It was baaaaaad.
Why couldn't the horse congress pass any bills? They all kept voting naaaaaay.